Update cloud-cost-management.md (#4198)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/cloud-cost-management.md

:::

## Latest: version 81600

### New features and enhancements

* Previously, RBAC support was not available for the Commitment Orchestrator. (CCM-15040)

  However, now, RBAC is implemented for the Commitment Orchestrator. CCM Admins now have the ability to set up Commitment Orchestrator for master accounts, while CCM Viewers are limited to accessing visibility screens.

* Previously, Adding relevant rule filters for perspectives created through cloud providers was not supported. Consequently, all anomalies were displayed from the cloud providers' perspective, irrespective of their relevance. (CCM-15068)

In this release, we have addressed this issue by adding rule filters specifically for cloud providers.

### Early access features

This release does not include any early access features.

### Fixed issues

> * Previously, the incorrect error message was displayed when Delegate validation failed. (CCM-14963)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the incorrect error message was displayed when Delegate validation failed in Kubernetes Quick Create. (CCM-14963)
```

This issue has been fixed. Now, the correct error message is displayed if Delegate validation fails.

## Previous releases

<details>
<summary>2023 releases</summary>

#### November 13, 2023, version 81500

##### New features and enhancements

* Previously, the perspective list page lacked pagination for both the Card and List views, causing lag on the first render of perspectives list pages for some customers. (CCM-14018)

>   Now, each page is paginated, with a maximum of 20 perspectives displayed, effectively resolving the issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The problem has been fixed, the perspective list is now paginated, with a limit of 20 perspectives shown per page.
```

##### Early access features

This release does not include any early access features.

##### Fixed issues

* Previously, the "View Costs" button for K8s connectors in the cloud integration page was enabled based on the availability of the last events received. (CCM-14984)

  Now, it will be enabled if Cluster data is present, ensuring users can view historical costs.

  
#### November 3, 2023, version 81400

##### New features and enhancements

* Previously, there was no option to export Recommendations as CSV files. (CCM-14274)

>   Now, we have added a new feature that enables users to export Recommendations as comma-separated values (CSV) files.

Reviewer 3: This works for all the recommendations. Only for asset governance recommendations details are not exposed, just the list view is exported. The support for the same will be added soon.

Author: Should i add this under `Note: ` section below the same line?
